docs/src/content/docs/en/spikes/tech-spikes-sharing-report.mdx, before:

---
title: Sharing Report
description: Design to share the report to anyone
---

## Background

It is a bit difficult to get the final report for some users, they just want to see the report, do not want to store/upload the config file for our app. it is reasonable for the product.

Our target is to re-design the arch to match the user's requirement.

## Scopes

- Frontend
- Backend

## Design

### Frontend

|Item|New|Note|
|:--|:--|:--|
|Router|`/metrics/reports/:uuid`|Sharing dashboard|
:::note[limitations]
Define the routers ref [here](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/concepts#defining-routes)
:::

### Backend

```plantuml
@startuml
skin rose
autonumber
title Sharing Report

actor       TeamLeader       as TeamLeader
actor       Manager       as Manager
participant frontend as frontend
participant backend as backend

==Generate the reports==
frontend -> backend: POST /reports when jumping into report page
backend --> frontend: uuid
loop Sprint list
  frontend -> backend: POST /reports/:uuid with the previous/same payload
  backend --> frontend: Callback URL
end

loop Sprint list
  frontend -> backend: Request report result
end

frontend -> frontend: Render reports & charts
...Someone share the report to another one with the URL...
TeamLeader -> frontend: Share the link to someone
==Get the sharing result==
Manager -> frontend: GET /metrics/reports/:uuid
frontend --> frontend: Render frontend page
alt There is 1 report at least
  frontend -> backend: GET /reports/:uuid
  backend-> backend: Loop all report under uuid folder
  backend --> frontend: Response the URL list of report, e.g.   [`/api/v1/reports/:uuid/detail?startTime=20240528&endTime=20240531`]
  loop URL list
    frontend-> backend: GET /api/v1/reports/:uuid/detail?startTime=20240528&endTime=20240531
    backend --> frontend: Report result
  end
  frontend -> frontend: Render reports & charts
else no uuid folder or no report under uuid folder
  backend-> frontend: Response with 404
end

@enduml
```

#### New file/folder tree

```sh
app/output/reports
  -- uuid
    -- [startDatetime]-[endDatetime]-[timestamp].csv
````

:::note[Need actions]
- Update the logic of deleting the existing report
:::

## Tasks

- Refactor with the RESTFul API in the backend
  - [new]    POST `/reports` return UUID
  - [upadte] POST `/reports/:uuid` return callback URL
  - [update] GET  `/reports/:uuid?startTime=20240528&endTime=20240531`
  - [new]    GET  `/reports/:uuid` return callback URL list
  - [udpate] GET  `/reports/:type/:uuid` download reports
  - Update the logic of deleting the existing report
    - Delete in the 7 days in the backend
- Add new route in the frontend and implatement the sharing dashboard
  - Route: `/metrics/reports/:uuid`
  - Page: Sharing dashboard
  - Page: 404
  - Show 1 day to delete

## Decision

Commit message:

ADM-975 [frontend][backend]: show dora charts for each pipeline (#1527)
* ADM-975 [frontend]: show the all pipeline in the lead time for change details

* ADM-975 [frontend]: finish the function that user can select pipelines in the dora chart

* ADM-975 [frontend]: remove debug

* ADM-975 [backend]: change the lead time for change response

* ADM-975 [frontend][backend]: finish the dora metrics chart selection

* ADM-975 [frontend][backend]: finish the dora metrics chart selection

* ADM-975 [frontend]: fix the debug

* Revert "ADM-975 [frontend]: fix the debug"

This reverts commit 865db04e99e1db84a9e3b437051f74699343f149.

* ADM-975 [backend]: fix the backend test coverage

* ADM-975 [frontend]: fix test coverage and cr comment

* ADM-975 [frontend]: fix issues

* ADM-975 [frontend]: adjust the style of pipeline selector

* ADM-975 [backend]: remove the request info files

* ADM-975 [backend][frontend]: fix the backend bug and fix e2e test

* ADM-975 [docs]: modify the spike

* ADM-975 [docs]: change the readme

* ADM-975 [frontend]: fix issues

docs/src/content/docs/en/spikes/tech-spikes-sharing-report.mdx, after:

---
title: Sharing Report
description: Design to share the report to anyone
---

## Background

It is a bit difficult to get the final report for some users, they just want to see the report, do not want to store/upload the config file for our app. it is reasonable for the product.

Our target is to re-design the arch to match the user's requirement.

## Scopes

- Frontend
- Backend

## Design

### Frontend

|Item|New|Note|
|:--|:--|:--|
|Router|`/metrics/reports/:uuid`|Sharing dashboard|
:::note[limitations]
Define the routers ref [here](https://reactrouter.com/en/main/start/concepts#defining-routes)
:::

### Backend

```plantuml
@startuml
skin rose
autonumber
title Sharing Report

actor       TeamLeader       as TeamLeader
actor       Manager       as Manager
participant frontend as frontend
participant backend as backend

==Generate the reports==
frontend -> backend: POST /reports when jumping into report page
backend --> frontend: uuid
loop Sprint list
  frontend -> backend: POST /reports/:uuid with the previous/same payload
  backend -> backend: save config to files
  backend --> frontend: Callback URL
end

loop Sprint list
  frontend -> backend: Request report result
end

frontend -> frontend: Render reports & charts
...Someone share the report to another one with the URL...
TeamLeader -> frontend: Share the link to someone
==Get the sharing result==
Manager -> frontend: GET /metrics/reports/:uuid
frontend --> frontend: Render frontend page
alt There is 1 report at least
  frontend -> backend: GET /reports/:uuid
  backend-> backend: Loop all report under uuid folder
  backend --> frontend: Response the share infomation, including the URL list , the metrics list and the pipelines of report, e.g.   [{'reportURLs': [`/api/v1/reports/:uuid/detail?startTime=20240528&endTime=20240531`], 'metrics': ['Velocity'], 'pipelines': ['pipeline name/pipeline step']}]
  loop URL list
    frontend-> backend: GET /api/v1/reports/:uuid/detail?startTime=20240528&endTime=20240531
    backend --> frontend: Report result
  end
  frontend -> frontend: Render reports & charts
else no uuid folder or no report under uuid folder
  backend-> frontend: Response with 404
end

@enduml
```

#### New file/folder tree

```sh
app/output/reports
  -- uuid
    -- [startDatetime]-[endDatetime]-[timestamp].csv
````

:::note[Need actions]
- Update the logic of deleting the existing report
:::

## Tasks

- Refactor with the RESTFul API in the backend
  - [new]    POST `/reports` return UUID
  - [upadte] POST `/reports/:uuid` return callback URL
  - [update] GET  `/reports/:uuid?startTime=20240528&endTime=20240531`
  - [new]    GET  `/reports/:uuid` return callback URL list
  - [udpate] GET  `/reports/:type/:uuid` download reports
  - Update the logic of deleting the existing report
    - Delete in the 7 days in the backend
- Add new route in the frontend and implatement the sharing dashboard
  - Route: `/metrics/reports/:uuid`
  - Page: Sharing dashboard
  - Page: 404
  - Show 1 day to delete

## Decision
